Research Interests
================

My research interests involve A. The role of adaptive decisions and
inhbitory control on learning and motor actions. I specifically study
the following: Mechanisms of motor learning and adaptive behavior in
children with neurological problems

The role of motor learning and adaptive behavior in functional skill
acquisition in children with neurological problems

B. The role of adaptive decisions and self-regulation in adult learning

Funded research involves the following: Funded Research Adaptive motor
decisions in response to task demands in children with Cerebral Palsy
Hemiplegia. KL2 Mentored Career Development Award funded by NIH through
the [National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences
(NCATS)](https://ncats.nih.gov/).  
A motor learning approach to improve motor planning in children with
Cerebral Palsy Hemiplegia, [Irving Institute/CTO, Columbia
University](https://www.irvinginstitute.columbia.edu/about-us), 7/2016 -
6/2017. Role: PI. An experimental study to examine strategies that
improve motor planning and balance control in children with cerebral
palsy hemiplegia using body worn technology (Xsens suit) to capture
children’s body mechanics. Mentors: Dr. A. Gordon, Teachers College,
Columbia University and Dr. S. Agrawal, Professor, Department of
Engineering, The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied
Science. Lifestyle support program for academic success, [Horatio Alger
Foundation](https://horatioalger.org/), 10/2011 - 10/2012. Role: PI. An
experimental, nationwide study to understand the effectiveness of a
lifestyle support program in improving academic success for college
students facing significant adversity.
